Amy, I really like you.
Me too.
I just had to tell you, I like you.
More than a friend.
Oh...
Did she just say, "Oh"?
I'm gonna be sick.
A lot of us out there know what it's like
to be in this position.
And we all hope that
it will go something like this:
I like you.
I feel the same way!
Let's hug tenderly.
Was that too much to ask?
I'm guessing last night didn't go well?
I messed up. I thought she had feelings,
but she didn't see me that way.
She hates you.
Hate's a feeling.
I just feel...
used.
Or you just feel unwanted
and you're taking it out on her.
Do you want to talk about it?
There's nothing left to talk about.
It's over. It's done.
I just wish I knew why.
Partner!
Nice guys finish drunk.
Whoa!
And then I realize
there was no hope for nice.
Never has--
Are you in the middle of one
of your internal monologues?
Yes. Thanks for interrupting.